Abraham again took a wife and her name
was Quechua and she bore him
Simran jokshan Medan Midian ish back and
schewe Chuck sham begat sheba and dedan
and the sons of didn't were asharam left
Shushan and li Armand and the sons of
Midian were Eva efer hey nak abide er
and L Dale all these were the children
of keturah and Abraham gave all that he
had to Isaac
but Abraham gave gifts to the sons of
the concubines which Abraham had and
while he was still living he sent them
Eastwood away from Isaac his son to the
country of the east
this is the sum of the years of
Abraham's life which he lived 175 years
then Abraham breathed his last and died
in a good old age an old man and full of
years and was gathered to his people and
his sons Isaac and Ishmael buried him in
the Cave of Machpelah which is before
Mamre in the field of Ephron the son of
Zohar the he attacked the field which
Abraham purchased from the sons of Heth
there Abraham was buried and Sarah his
wife and it came to pass after the death
of Abraham that God blessed his son
isaac and isaac dwelt at beer-lahai-roi
now this is the genealogy of Ishmael
Abraham's son whom Hagar the Egyptian
Sarah's maidservant for to Abraham and
these were the names of the sons of
Ishmael by their names according to
their generations the firstborn of
Ishmael nebajoth then kita at BIA milsim
Bhishma Duma masa Haider Timur
cheetor nefesh and Kadima these were the
sons of Ishmael and these were their
names by their towns and their
settlements twelve princes according to
their Nations
these were the years of the life of
Ishmael 137 years and he breathed his
last and died and was gathered to his
people they dwelt from Havilah as far as
sure which is east of Egypt as you go
toward Assyria he died in the presence
of all his brethren this is the
genealogy of Isaac Abraham's son Abraham
begat Isaac Isaac was 40 years old when
he took Rebekah as wife the daughter of
Bethuel the Syrian of Paden era the
sister of Laban the Syrian now Isaac
pleaded with the Lord for his wife
because she was barren
and the Lord granted his plea and
Rebecca his wife conceived
but the children struggled together
within her and she said if all is well
why am I like this so she went to
inquired of the Lord and the Lord said
to her two nations are in your womb two
peoples shall be separated from your
body one people shall be stronger than
the other and the older shall serve the
younger so when her days were fulfilled
for her to give birth indeed there were
twins in her womb and the first came out
red he was like a hairy garment all over
so they called his name Esau afterward
his brother came out and his hand took
hold of Esau's heel so his name was
called jacob isaac was 60 years old when
she bore them so the boys grew and esau
was a skillful hunter a man of the field
but Jacob was a mild man dwelling in
tents and Isaac loved Esau because he
ate of his game but Rebekah loved Jacob
now Jacob cooked a stew and Esau came in
from the field and he was weary and Esau
said to Jacob please feed me with that
same red stew for I am weary therefore
his name was called Edom but Jacob said
sell me your birthright as of this day
look I'm about to die so what is this
birthright to me swear to me as of this
day so he swore to him
and sold his birthright to jacob and
jacob gave esau bread and stew of
lentils then he ate and drank a rose and
went his way
Rus Esau despised his birthright
you